# GroupmeBot

This is the GroupmeBot. Once added to a group it allows people to interact with it through messages.

## Setup

To function you need to create a .env file in the main directory and set the following variables:

- BIBLE_API_KEY=var1
- ESPN_leagueID=var2
- ESPN_SWID=var3
- ESPN_S2=var4
- GROUPME_TOKEN=var5
- MAIN_GROUP_ID=var6
- MAIN_GROUP_BOT=var7
- TEST_GROUP_ID=var8
- TEST_GROUP_BOT=var9
- SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI=var10
- SECRET_KEY=var11

var1: Go to https://docs.api.bible/ and create an application. Enter the key as var1

Then go to ESPN and and go to the overview page for the league you want to use for the bot. From there get the following variables:
- var2: Look at the url for the current page. This value is the number after '?leagueId='

Before getting the next two variables go to inspect element and then select console. In the browser console paste the following code: function getCookie(name) {const value = `; ${document.cookie}`;const parts = value.split(`; ${name}=`);if (parts.length === 2) return parts.pop().split(';').shift();}
- var 3: Enter getCookie("SWID") into the console. Include the '{}'
- var 4: Enter getCookie("espn_s2") into the console

Next go to https://dev.groupme.com/ and create an account.
- var5: click on the 'Access Token' button on the top of your account

Create the main bot at: https://dev.groupme.com/bots/new, then navigate to: https://dev.groupme.com/bots
- var6: The Group ID column
- var7: The Bot ID column

If you want a second bot to test commands before using them in the main chat create another bot.
- var8: The Group ID column
- var9: The Bot ID column

var10: This is the URI for the database. Either copy and paste the Heroku database URI or use: sqlite:////tmp/test.db for local development

var11: A randomly generated byte-string

## Running Server

This program uses Fastapi with uvicorn. To start the app type `python main.py`

## Migrating Database

Run a migration for the database:
1. alembic revision --autogenerate -m "message"
2. alembic upgrade head

## Testing

To use Pytest run `pytest`

To see the report type in `open htmlcov/index.html`

## Requirements

To generate requirements commands enter the following commands:
- poetry export  -o requirements.txt --without-hashes
- poetry export  -o requirements-full.txt --extras prediction --without-hashes --dev
